Synonym Rules APIs docs (#98064)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/synonyms/apis/delete-synonym-rule.asciidoc

////
[source,console]
----
PUT _synonyms/my-synonyms-set
{
  "synonyms_set": [
    {
      "id": "test-1",
      "synonyms": "hello, hi"
    },
    {
      "synonyms": "bye, goodbye"
    },
    {
      "id": "test-2",
      "synonyms": "test => check"
    }
  ]
}

PUT /test-index
{
  "settings": {
    "analysis": {
      "filter": {
        "synonyms_filter": {
          "type": "synonym_graph",
          "synonyms_set": "my-synonyms-set",
          "updateable": true
        }
      },
      "analyzer": {
        "my_index_analyzer": {
          "type": "custom",
          "tokenizer": "standard",
          "filter": ["lowercase"]
        },
        "my_search_analyzer": {
          "type": "custom",
          "tokenizer": "standard",
          "filter": ["lowercase", "synonyms_filter"]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "title": {
        "type": "text",
        "analyzer": "my_index_analyzer",
        "search_analyzer": "my_search_analyzer"
      }
    }
  }
}
----
// TESTSETUP
////

[source,console]
----
DELETE _synonyms/my-synonyms-set/test-1
----

[source,console-result]
----
{

>   "acknowledged": true,

Author: Yes, already done 👍

  "reload_analyzers_details": {
    "_shards": {
      "total": 2,
      "successful": 1,
      "failed": 0
    },
    "reload_details": [
      {
        "index": "test-index",
        "reloaded_analyzers": [
          "my_search_analyzer"
        ],
        "reloaded_node_ids": [
          "1wYFZzq8Sxeu_Jvt9mlbkg"
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
----
// TESTRESPONSE[s/1wYFZzq8Sxeu_Jvt9mlbkg/$body.reload_analyzers_details.reload_details.0.reloaded_node_ids.0/]

> If the synonyms set is used in analyzers, <<synonyms-set-analyzer-reloading,analyzer reloading>> is performed automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the synonym set is used in an analyzer, <<synonyms-set-analyzer-reloading,analyzer reloading>> is performed automatically.
```

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this without "if" statement, which seems to be little confusing. Like this:

"All analyzers using this synonyms set will reloaded automatically to reflect the new rules"

Author: Good rephrasing @mayya-sharipova , adding that
